Everyone, let's start with the problem, students.
So this problem is very similar to a game theory problem that has already been discussing the game theory
section.
So if you have not gone through the game theory section, it is the right time to do so and come back
to it and solve this problem yourself.
It will be a very good problem for you if you have understood how does this game to rework or how does
dynamic programming in Game two revokes?
So.
Let's read the problem and then we'll understand this a little bit and then we'll implement it.
So these are said to be consistent and positive.
Indigenous thought will join Sorrow and Zero will play the following game against each other.
Initially we have a pile consisting of keystones.
The two players perform the following operations.
Alternatively, starting from tomorrow.
Okay.
Literally the first player.
It was an element in it and removed exactly a stones from the pipe.
So he says that came out of the set, which we have it was an element X and remove that number of stones
eight from the pie a player loses when he's unable to play.
Assuming that both players play optimally determine the winner of a standard name game and a standard
combinatorial game so we can easily find out the solution of this.
And most of you can do it yourself also because it's not a big deal.
But yes, let me explain.
Let's let me explain by taking our very, very, very simple example, by having 1.3.18.
Let's say in Italy and it goes to 20.
That means I have a pile of 20 stones.
Right.
And my set contains only.
Three elements.
We we.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, 11, 12, 13.
And so it's I have these many stones in there.
Right.
So right now we are over here.
We have tinted stones.
And what are the conditions?
Let's say they contains one, two or three stones, 18 stone siding from 20.
What I do is I start backwards.
So let's have in the parlor zero stones.
Then it's a losing position.
So this winning and losing concept has already been expanding the game to a restriction rate.
But still, let's do this.
So.
Yeah.
So this zero is a losing position.
So what does losing position means?
And here we have two players playing the game, which is Darwin zero.
Darwin zero.
Right.
But whoever is on the zero list, that means let's say the pile zero stools right now and it's DeRozan's
so it's a losing position for him.
So it's a winning vision worked out.
All right.
So whoever is playing the game, who's, who's ever chance it is at that particular stage.
Nate Then that's kind of losing position for the good old bill.
One will be a winning position because if a pile is one stone, I can simply take the stone and give
the other player a losing position.
If I'm able to give the other player a losing position, then it becomes a winning position.
For me, similarly to reserve any position, entry is also on winning position because from two I can
take two stones because there is two here and from three I can dig three stones.
Now let's talk about four.
Go from four icon of their peak of one stone to a stone or three stones, and all of them are winning
position.
Well.
Well, if all of them are winning positions and I cannot give losing position to the second player aid,
because right now it's it's my chance to move and I'm on the fourth place.
I first want to add that I can give three or two or one to the next player.
Eight.
Three or two or one because I have only these three types of moves to make.
But it's it becomes a losing position for me because all the others positions which I give to the next
player is a winning position for him.
So if I give him to, he'll simply pick up the stones and give me a losing position, which is zero.
If I.
If I give him three, he gives me zero again.
And if I give him one, he gives me zero again.
A to similarly I use five.
We have an intuition because I can give the player a losing position.
It will be a winning position because I can.
Same reason and seven.
I will also be a winning voice.
And similarly it will be a losing position then winning.
Then losing, winning, losing.
So what was the guarantee value of the water function here?
So the function is very simple.
It's a losing operation if x smart four is equal to zero eight.
So if it's 20, that means.
When these a losing position.
So no matter what.
The first player placed, the second player will give him 16.
Then no matter what the player plays.
Then again, he will give him 12, then ten.
Then again 12.
Then eight.
Then whatever he plays, he'll give him.
For whatever he plays, he'll give him zero.
And the first player will lose.
Eight.
It's like basic theory about game theory.
And if you haven't checked out game theory ghosts, you should check.
It's a nice, loose network it really goes to.
Leaving there to say let's move on to this problem and let's call it out may be an example of one,
two or three moves, right?
But here what we have is we have a whole eddy.
A whole area with some certain number of moves.
So.
Well, it's.
Copy this.
And I think I need to save this, which was Gucci.
So here what we have is we have an so let's input and key.
And what we have is.
Okay, so what?
I didn't get here.
Well, any number of moves that I can make and give you that.
All right, let's have this deep Cabela's win because we need location care 800.
It's a losing positions on making it zero.
Well, now, what I need to do is.
Okay, so before this, let's in put.
It.
But I have the moves.
Eight.
I have taken Bebe and let's start from when let's say I start from one and go still.
So there will already be values one by one like we did in the example.
Eight.
What are the deep values of how we live in these deep values?
So I need to move to all the locations that is from zero two, but it will go to K and this will go
to N eight.
What I do is if I minus the move that I'm willing to make is a if this is greater than equal to zero,
this is a constraint, I think is if you are on if the pine only has two stones and you are picking,
you are making a move with three stones.
So it's not possible.
It is just a constraint check.
Eight.
So how do they do this?
How do I do this?
Initially, what I'll do is I'll.
Mark.
The right position to be a winning position.
Okay.
So let's say it's a winning position.
Initially, right?
So if I'm going to all the losing positions, then it's a sorry.
Okay.
So let me think about this.
How I'm saying deep zero zero, that means it's a losing position.
Eight.
And now I'm taking.
So.
Instead of doing this, let me make it more easier.
So let's see whether it's a winning or losing position.
But I think it's a winning position initially.
So what is a winning position?
Let's get back.
A winning Bush-Cheney operation when there's at least one losing.
But right now, it's market as a losing position.
When is it goes to zero?
That means it's a losing position.
Well, it's it's a billion.
Eight.
But what happens is it's a losing position now because nobody.
LEWIS I'll check if I minister is greater than equal to zero and at the same time, if deep, I mean
NCAA, if this is a winning position.
So what is winning here?
It is one.
Hey.
So.
In Italy.
I've said that it's a losing position when I'm making it as a losing position.
But if I'm able to find out any other losing position, then my current position becomes.
Which is deep, it becomes a winning party.
So what I do is I simply say DP, I is Z2 always don't get confused.
We're going to go the ways to right so initially and mounted as a losing guy because.
If I'm not able to make any move.
Let's see it.
So all these moves were out of bounds.
So it will remain a losing position because I'm kind of unable to make a move.
But here.
In this case, if I'm able to make a move, I'll just take that.
If I'm able to give a.
Okay.
If I were to give either guy a losing position, it is.
If DB A-minus here is zero eight.
If I get at least one losing vision, I'll just make him go to the losing position.
So this becomes a winning position.
I can also break if I have at least one losing and I'll break.
Eight.
And finally, what will be the answer?
It will really pay off.
So if.
What I need to bring.
I need to print first or second rate.
Yeah, I suppose.
So if we have b of care, that means if it's true, if it's one, then it's a winning position.
If it's a winning voice and then first wins.
Else that can means.
Eight.
Well, we have second to.
Okay.
So there is some issue in this we have to foreign duty.
Let's take ready made two four and do three.
So the ad is for Lent.
The Bible is full length.
One, two, three, four.
Initially zero.
Eight.
And what are the moves that I can make?
I can make moves to entry.
So this will be a losing position because I cannot make a move from one, but from two I can go to zero
and then it's a winning position in three again is a winning version, but four is kind of if I go to
it's of any position, but if I go through, it's a losing patience.
But again, it's a winning version.
Yeah.
So I think I made a mistake while calling it me.
I'd be values.
If b i m from zero to e.
Would it be?
We have 00100y we have 100.
It is equal to two.
Sorry, guys, but sorry.
Sorry.
It won't be.
It will be 88.
Because we are traversing the seas.
Actually, the.
Index of the 88.
Let's see.
Yeah.
No, it's correct.
Some indexing.
But what's two and five?
We are getting sick and it's a little sick.
Why?
We're getting sicker.
If I have this.
Sorry.
One more.
Place to fill.
So here what we get we have is we can go to places we own or we can go three places behind.
All of them are winning.
But if I mean, if I'm giving the player a winning position, then this has to be a losing position
for me because.
Because the player will win from the next place, whatever I give him.
They?
Well.
So that's what it was about this problem that submitted to.
A meeting is important because we get to know about our mistakes.
I actually recorded all these problems last year, like 1.5 years ago maybe, and I'm quoting it, and
I'm having a good speaker, I.
So it's not a big deal.
But the complexity of the solution it is in and what is going to win according to the problem.
Is 120 per fight, which is nothing.
So.
Thank you, guys.
In the next.